Add supported features in README (#70)
precice/dumux-adapter: docs/overview.md

[Get](adapter-dumux-get.html) and [learn how to use](adapter-dumux-use.html) the adapter.

## Supported features

> - Surface and volume coupling as represented respectively in the two tutorial cases [free-flow-over-porous-media](https://precice.org/tutorials-free-flow-over-porous-media-2d.html) and [two-scale-heat-conduction](https://precice.org/tutorials-two-scale-heat-conduction.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Surface and volume coupling as demonstrated in the two tutorial cases [free-flow-over-porous-media](https://precice.org/tutorials-free-flow-over-porous-media-2d.html) and [two-scale-heat-conduction](https://precice.org/tutorials-two-scale-heat-conduction.html).
```

> - The data types that can be communicated via the adapter is not limited. The user decides what data to send to preCICE under the data names in the adapter configuration.

Reviewer: I don't understand this statement. Do you mean scalar/vector? Do you mean temperature/pressure/bananas? Maybe more important here would be to write it as:

```suggestion
- Any data field can be exchanged. The adapter does not have any awareness of the exchanged fields.
```

> - In the configuration, one mesh can be set for each interface and multiple data can be read or written on each interface. Multiple interfaces can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the configuration, one mesh can be set for each interface, and multiple data fields can be read or written on each interface. Multiple interfaces can be configured.
```

> - Implicit coupling and manual subcycling are supported.

Reviewer: What does "manual subcycling" mean?

Author: To do subcycling now, user needs to manage the time step size in DuMux solver by themselves and update field etc. We plan to wrap this feature so that the adapter manages the time step size in the solver but not yet implemented. I rephrased it.
